(core1) DOCS-5394 Update React references (#715)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/guides/force-organizations.mdx

#### Set an active organization

> In the case of [Clerk components](/docs/components/overview), an organization will *automatically* be set as active each time the user creates an organization, accepts an invitation, or selects a membership from the organization switcher. In the case of custom flows, you will need to provide the logic for setting an organization as active. Don't worry, Clerk's [`useOrganizationList()`](/docs/references/react/use-organization-list) hook provides a `setActive` method to help you with this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case of [Clerk components](/docs/components/overview), an organization will *automatically* be set as active each time the user creates an organization, accepts an invitation, or selects a membership from the organization switcher. In the case of custom flows, you'll need to implement the logic for setting an organization as active. Clerk's [`useOrganizationList()`](/docs/references/react/use-organization-list) hook provides a `setActive` method to help you with this.
```
